any significant hurdle for the Orlando
Magic starting Darrell Armstrong and
Penny Hardaway at guard nick anderson
who was a shooting guard has been the
small forward up front along with Horace
Grant and I Causton for the Philadelphia
76er Eric snow and Allen Iverson a guard
theo ratliff map tiger George Lynn
here's Iverson with the ball can be
iverson came right back at penny with a
terrific play that's what Iverson is all
about see he doesn't give up he made a
bad pass now watch him catch far the way
and go for the strip right there you got
to give this guy on a credit if you've
never seen both now Iverson has hurt his
right he is shooting him he continues to
hold it as he's running down the floor
defense he steals the ball and he's done
iverson will take it himself close of
course the championship trophy one more
than
number six
is seventy sixers liking iverson with 10
points and alert defensive play as well
and after one quarter of play the
Philadelphia seventy Sixers lead the
orlando magic in game 3 23 215 tiger
fighting is rayon
I everson
finally is
to be shaken off deal but you know what
that is not Allen Iverson style I
realized that Tennessee some sensational
things
nowhere
loose ball picked up by
iverson here
for his grand
hey
46 take center stage no one else but
Allen Iverson a whirling dervish and a
bundle event
lightning quick bundle of energy though
a high 1665 pounds
steals in this game making some
improbable tune each with seven leading
orlando penny hardaway doubles
iverson card away
lost it in Iverson lays it in
great steal one
that is the seventh feel of the game
and he can handle Larry Hughes's check
into the game Tiger goes out
another steal he's got eight steals in
this game going around by the way
James up for philly
spectacular soul
again raise their lead to 14 sign that
the point guard gets the ball handler to
stop
stop this
it was wondering
Iverson is working in
you know everything
a great time in the
heels and in
record
I hear it from the crowd
for a long time in a timeout what a show
put on by Allen Iverson tonight the
sixes lead 56 239
iverson over here watch him come and get
a piece of this it's just great
anticipation you see he's sizing it up
and there he makes his move now sure he
misses the layup at the other end but
Larry use once again coming right down
the middle of the floor there it is
right there Hardaway they double-team
dan shades
double-teams the
that another steal
how about George win is it open
please and this
links and the foul
and
it was a weak attempt to your unit and
you sakes no I he does the job he had
good size
your key guys
Oh diversity
43 minutes tonight 33 points
10 steel pastor win game 4 on the road
to draw even but a record night allen
iverson 33 points 10 steals full alright
you race the playoff record book at your
first playoff series mo cheeks no longer
is tied for the record steals you now I
have Ted what about the defense I mean I
just tried to step it up like I said you
know my guys know that I'm going to look
they put the ball in the basket but it's
even special when i try to get you know
active on defense try to get some stairs
here in Anjali this stops so it was just
important for me to come out and set the
tempo on defense great job tonight let's
go back to take it you can all right
Craig the six has led all the way
tonight and Iverson's 33 led five
double-figure scorers and nick anderson
had 23